kloak(8) -- anti keystroke deanonymization tool
=============================================

<span class="comment">
# Copyright (C) 2016 - 2016 Patrick Schleizer adrelanos@riseup.net
# See the file COPYING for copying conditions.

# Not using angle brackets in copyright notice for e-mail address, because
# angle brackets would result in this file being non-deterministic. (There
# must be a bug in Debian wheezy in ruby-ronn.)

# Not using "##", because for some reason this comment would be visible in the
# resulting man page.
</span>

## SYNOPSIS
`kloak` [options]

## OPTIONS
  * -h

    print usage message and exit

  * -r

    filename: device file to read events from

  * -w

    filename: device file to write events to (should be uinput)

  * -d

    delay: maximum delay (milliseconds) of released events. Default 100.

  * -s

    startup_timeout: time to wait (milliseconds) before startup. Default 100.

  * -k

    csv_string: csv list of rescue key names to exit kloak in case the
    keyboard becomes unresponsive. Default is 'KEY_LEFTSHIFT,KEY_RIGHTSHIFT,KEY_ESC'.

  * -v

    verbose mode

## DESCRIPTION
kloak is a Keystroke-level online anonymization kernel.

kloak is a privacy tool that makes keystroke biometrics less effective.
This is accomplished by obfuscating the time intervals between key press
and release events, which are typically used for identification.

## EXAMPLES
Use eventcap(8) (or some other event capture tool) and look for the device
that generates events when keys are pressed.

Starting `kloak` without any options will use sensible defaults and attempt to
find the location of the keyboard device and uinput. Note that since `kloak`
requires reading from and writing to device files, it probably won't work
without running as root:

`sudo ./kloak`

Optionally start `kloak` by specifying the input and output device files.
The output device should be the location of uinput.

`sudo ./kloak -r /dev/input/event4 -w /dev/uinput`

## WWW
https://github.com/vmonaco/kloak

## CREDITS
kloak was written by Vinnie Monaco.

## AUTHOR
This man page has been written by Patrick Schleizer (adrelanos@riseup.net).
